[MUSIC]
I've shown you how to use constructives,
prototypes and object laterals.
In this project we're going to
make use of all of these concepts.
We're going to create a quiz application.
The quiz will ask a series of questions,
and as we answer the questions,
the quiz will keep record of our score.
When the questions are all asked,
the application will display our score.
You're going to be tasked with creating
the JavaScript programming for
this application.
I've already got the HTML ready for you.
Let's take a quick look at
the application in the workspace
associated with this video.
Here we have an HTML file with
a H2 tag with the ID of question.
This is where we can put the question.
We have two choice paragraphs
with the IDs of choice zero and
choice one And
we have two select answer buttons.
With guess zero and guess one.
At the bottom here, we have
a paragraph with the ID of progress.
This is to indicate to the user
how far we are through the quiz.
I've created some JavaScript files to give
you hints on the direction you need to go.
You'll need the quiz itself,
which will keep track of the score and
the current question,
kind of like what the playlist was.
A playlist is a collection of songs.
A quiz is a collection of questions.
You'll also need something to
handle all the updates to the UI.
And finally, you need an app.js file to
start the application with all the objects
that you've created.
Look up the previous projects you
worked on to give you inspiration.
You can even copy and paste some of
the code to use as a starting point for
your objects.
It's not cheating.
In fact understanding existing code and
then applying that
code into another program is an important
skill for any JavaScript developer.
Remember the tools at your disposal.
You can use get element by ID
to get the HTML elements, but
you need to update with inner HTML.
You can assign methods to the onClick
of various elements like the buttons.
You've also got the ability to
use constructors, prototypes and
object literals.
Take some time to plot out the objects,
properties and methods you'll need.
In the following videos,
I'll show you my solution.
Give it a try and come back to me and
see how I did it.